doc/FAQ.md, before:

# FAQ

## Scripting

### Search all duplicate file recursively in given directory

```bash
find . -type f -printf '%p/ %f\n' | sort -k2 | uniq -f1 --all-repeated=separate
```

### Search all duplicate directory recursively in given directory

```bash
find . -type d -printf '%p/ %f\n' | sort -k2 | uniq -f1 --all-repeated=separate
```

## Networking

Show all open port

```bash
sudo lsof -i -P -n | grep LISTEN
```

or

```bash
sudo netstat -lpnt | grep LISTEN
```

or

```bash
sudo ss -lpnt | grep LISTEN
```

## Git

### Configuration

Prefer to use Vim when editing?

```bash
git config --global core.editor "vim"
```

Prefer to use Meld when resolving conflit?

```bash
git config --global merge.tool meld
```

Prefer to us Meld to show difference?

```bash
git config --global diff.tool meld
git config --global difftool.prompt false
```

### Retroactively applying format code to existing branches

Adapt this command to your situation, this is an example:

```bash
git rebase --strategy-option=theirs --exec 'cd ../../ && ./script/maintenance/black.sh ./addons/ERPLibre_erplibre_theme_addons/website_snippet_all/ && cd - && git add --all && git commit --amend --no-edit' HEAD~47
```

### Unshallow git

By example, the repo Odoo use a depth clone. If you need all the clone repo, use this command on right directory:

```bash
git fetch REMOTE --unshallow
```

### Amend several commits in Git to change author

```bash
git rebase -i HEAD~4 -x "git commit --amend --author 'Author Name <author.name@mail.com>' --no-edit"
```

### Cherry-pick a merged commit with conflict

```bash
git cherry-pick -m 1 --strategy-option theirs HASH
```

## git-repo

### error.GitError fatal bad revision

Example:

```
error.GitError: manifests rev-list (u'^2736dfd46e8a30cf59a9cd6e93d9e56e87021f2a', 'HEAD', '--'): fatal: bad revision 'HEAD'
```

Did you modify files in .repo?

To reset files from your branch into .repo:

```bash
cd .repo/manifests
git branch -av
> remotes/m/rel/8953/zd552kl/7.1.1-11.40.208                -> origin/rel/8953/zd552kl/7.1.1-11.40.208
> remotes/origin/dev/ze550kl/asus/5.0.0-20150208            11a37fe set dev/ze550kl/asus/5.0.0-20150208
> remotes/origin/rel/8953/zd552kl/7.1.1-11.40.208           2736dfd Remove opencv3 from the manifest
# To reset the "remotes/origin" use the same as "remotes/m"
git reset --hard REF_OF_REMOTES/m
> git reset --hard remotes/origin/rel/8953/zd552kl/7.1.1-11.40.208
```

## OSX installation

### Docker installation

This guide works in the past, but it's now broken

```bash
echo  "\n--- Installing docker --"
brew install minikube docker docker-compose docker-machine
brew cask install virtualbox
docker-machine create --driver virtualbox default
docker-machine env default
eval "$(docker-machine env default)"
```

### Run error `current limit exceeds maximum limit`

When you got

```
File "/Users/test/Desktop/ERPLibre/odoo/odoo/service/server.py", line 83, in set_limit_memory_hard
resource.setrlimit(rlimit, (config['limit_memory_hard'], hard))
ValueError: current limit exceeds maximum limit
```

Add line at the end of config.conf

```
limit_memory_hard = 0
```

Commit message:

[UPD] FAQ: how manage git-daemon error bind

doc/FAQ.md, after:

# FAQ

## Scripting

### Search all duplicate file recursively in given directory

```bash
find . -type f -printf '%p/ %f\n' | sort -k2 | uniq -f1 --all-repeated=separate
```

### Search all duplicate directory recursively in given directory

```bash
find . -type d -printf '%p/ %f\n' | sort -k2 | uniq -f1 --all-repeated=separate
```

## Networking

Show all open port

```bash
sudo lsof -i -P -n | grep LISTEN
```

or

```bash
sudo netstat -lpnt | grep LISTEN
```

or

```bash
sudo ss -lpnt | grep LISTEN
```

## Git

### Configuration

Prefer to use Vim when editing?

```bash
git config --global core.editor "vim"
```

Prefer to use Meld when resolving conflit?

```bash
git config --global merge.tool meld
```

Prefer to us Meld to show difference?

```bash
git config --global diff.tool meld
git config --global difftool.prompt false
```

### Retroactively applying format code to existing branches

Adapt this command to your situation, this is an example:

```bash
git rebase --strategy-option=theirs --exec 'cd ../../ && ./script/maintenance/black.sh ./addons/ERPLibre_erplibre_theme_addons/website_snippet_all/ && cd - && git add --all && git commit --amend --no-edit' HEAD~47
```

### Unshallow git

By example, the repo Odoo use a depth clone. If you need all the clone repo, use this command on right directory:

```bash
git fetch REMOTE --unshallow
```

### Amend several commits in Git to change author

```bash
git rebase -i HEAD~4 -x "git commit --amend --author 'Author Name <author.name@mail.com>' --no-edit"
```

### Cherry-pick a merged commit with conflict

```bash
git cherry-pick -m 1 --strategy-option theirs HASH
```

## Service git-daemon already running, error bind

This error occur when force stop (ctrl+c) a script like `./script/manifest/update_manifest_local_dev.sh`

The error into console is similar to `Could not bind to 0.0.0.0: Address already in use`

```bash
pkill -f git-daemon
```

## git-repo

### error.GitError fatal bad revision

Example:

```
error.GitError: manifests rev-list (u'^2736dfd46e8a30cf59a9cd6e93d9e56e87021f2a', 'HEAD', '--'): fatal: bad revision 'HEAD'
```

Did you modify files in .repo?

To reset files from your branch into .repo:

```bash
cd .repo/manifests
git branch -av
> remotes/m/rel/8953/zd552kl/7.1.1-11.40.208                -> origin/rel/8953/zd552kl/7.1.1-11.40.208
> remotes/origin/dev/ze550kl/asus/5.0.0-20150208            11a37fe set dev/ze550kl/asus/5.0.0-20150208
> remotes/origin/rel/8953/zd552kl/7.1.1-11.40.208           2736dfd Remove opencv3 from the manifest
# To reset the "remotes/origin" use the same as "remotes/m"
git reset --hard REF_OF_REMOTES/m
> git reset --hard remotes/origin/rel/8953/zd552kl/7.1.1-11.40.208
```

## OSX installation

### Docker installation

This guide works in the past, but it's now broken

```bash
echo  "\n--- Installing docker --"
brew install minikube docker docker-compose docker-machine
brew cask install virtualbox
docker-machine create --driver virtualbox default
docker-machine env default
eval "$(docker-machine env default)"
```

### Run error `current limit exceeds maximum limit`

When you got

```
File "/Users/test/Desktop/ERPLibre/odoo/odoo/service/server.py", line 83, in set_limit_memory_hard
resource.setrlimit(rlimit, (config['limit_memory_hard'], hard))
ValueError: current limit exceeds maximum limit
```

Add line at the end of config.conf

```
limit_memory_hard = 0
```
